YeoJin: I'm going to talk less today
YeoJin: I'm trying to be quiet YeoJin!
(It's 9:42 am!)
YeoJin: It's exactly 9:42 am
'I'm going to check how long can you keep quiet'
YeoJin: I'm going to keep quiet all day long~
YeoJin: Look forward to it~
(An hour later, O.E.C doing a reherasal / AM 10:33)
(YeoJin trying to be noisy but trying to be quiet at the same time)
(Meanwhile, Chuu is....)
YeoJin: Oh!
(Before Yeo.Choe.Chuu's rehearsal start!)
YeoJin: Finally it's just before starting the rehearsal
'You're the most senior member in here, right?'
(among Yeo.Choe.Chuu)
(Only senior can wear high heels)
Choerry: I'm wearing flat shoes~
Choerry: You know, she's the senior~
YeoJin: Guys, my short height is not the reason why I'm wearing these~
YeoJin: Delicious~
(As time goes by, YeoJin is getting back to the way she used to be!)
YeoJin: Very delicious~
YeoJin: So I have been eating it for some time past
(Fast forwarding becuase she talked so much...)
YeoJin: I'm trying to be quiet YeoJin!
YeoJin: So I ate all two bags in a row!
Choerry: Huh!
Choerry: You will get fat!
Choerry: But it's okay because she's cute!